README.md, before:

# Flippy Learn

<img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy1.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy2.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy4.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy5.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy6.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy7.png width=200>

Simple vocabulary Trainer written in Swift

This Vocabulary Trainer is using the basic principle of learning with flash cards. You can create as many languages as you like and write words and their translation.

In contrast to similar flash card apps, this one is pretty fast to use. Because you do not have to type in the word if you do not want to. You can just check "correct" or "incorrect".

# How to contribute

The app is kind of spaghetti code because it was my first released app and unfortunately it uses storyboards.

However, if you like to contribute, feel free :)

# App Store

If you do not want to build the app yourself, you can download it directly from the app store:

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/flippy-learn-word-flashcards/id1479486387

Commit message:

added readme to project file, updated readme.

README.md, after:

# Flippy Learn

<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/flippy-learn-word-flashcards/id1479486387?itsct=apps_box_badge&amp;itscg=30200" style="display: inline-block; overflow: hidden; border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"><img src="https://tools.applemediaservices.com/api/badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us?size=250x83&amp;releaseDate=1578528000&h=358d22aad46548eb7c0074f1d0117c2a" alt="Download on the App Store" style="border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"></a>

<img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy1.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy2.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy4.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy5.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy6.png width=200><img src=https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/blob/master/screenshots/flippy7.png width=200>

Simple vocabulary Trainer written in Swift

This Vocabulary Trainer is using the basic principle of learning with flash cards. You can create as many languages as you like and write words and their translation.

In contrast to similar flash card apps, this one is pretty fast to use. Because you do not have to type in the word if you do not want to. You can just check "correct" or "incorrect".

<a href="https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=misteu/VocabularyTraining" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

# How to contribute

(It was my first ever released app so please be aware of spaghetti code and storyboards.)

- You can see open issues in the `Issues` tab of the repo. Please have a look there and ask questions there before opening PRs.
- If you have any ideas for improvements, please open an issue rather than just opening a PR 

Highest priority for now is replacing all the storyboards with code I would say. There is actually an issue for replacing all of the storyboards with code: https://github.com/misteu/VocabularyTraining/issues/15

If you feel like updating any of the screens, feel free to comment there, I will assign a screen related issue to you then.

## Indentation

Please make sure, that you do not re-indent whole files while doing changes in some file. Doing so makes it really hard to see your actual changes in the PR. I am aware that indentations are differing throughout the project. However, this is not a priority for now, I will align all of these once storyboards are gone.

I am planning to align the whole project to this setting: https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-style-guide#spacing
